feat(husky): check deletions and broken fragments in URLs (#31265)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/writing_guidelines/page_structures/syntax_sections/index.md

##### Formal syntax

> Formal syntax notation (using [BNF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backus%E2%80%93Naur_form)) should not be used in the Syntax section — instead use the expanded multiple-line format [described above](#multiple_linesoptional_parameters).

Reviewer: For accessibility
```suggestion
Formal syntax notation (using [BNF](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backus%E2%80%93Naur_form)) should not be used in the Syntax section — instead, use the expanded multiple-line format described in the [Multiple lines/Optional parameters](#multiple_linesoptional_parameters) section.
```
